README.md, before:

# 13-HW-ORM-E-Commerce-Back-End
# ORM E-commerce Back End Starter Code
# ORM E-Commerce Back End's README FILE
==================================

## License Badge
![](insert licence badge url here)

## Repository
You can access this Github Repository at: (insert Github link here)

## Video Link (if applicable)
The link to the video of this project is located at: (insert google drive link here)

## *Description*
build the back end for an e-commerce site. You’ll take a working Express.js API and configure it to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database

# Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
+ [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
+ [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
+ [Questions](#questions)

## *Installation*
Ensure you are in the develop directory, type npm run seed then npm start

## *Usage*
A working backend of an e-commerce site

## *License*


## *Contributing*
Built with support from my tutor, and AskBCS

## *Tests*


## *Questions*
For any questions or for support, please contact me at: thomas.plunkett.music@gmail.com or ThomasPlunkett on GitHub.

Commit message:

updated README with links and info

README.md, after:

# 13-HW-ORM-E-Commerce-Back-End
# ORM E-commerce Back End Starter Code
# ORM E-Commerce Back End's README FILE
==================================

## License Badge
![](insert licence badge url here)

## Repository
You can access this Github Repository at: (https://github.com/ThomasPlunkett/13-HW-ORM-E-Commerce-Back-End)

## Video Link (if applicable)
The link to the video of this project is located at: (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1FqYBXVP2ZJ_5i3UoGvTYlSPM2qUnVy8i/view)

## *Description*
build the back end for an e-commerce site. You’ll take a working Express.js API and configure it to use Sequelize to interact with a MySQL database

# Table of Contents
* [Description](#description)
+ [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
+ [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
+ [Questions](#questions)

## *Installation*
Ensure you are in the develop directory, type npm run seed then npm start

## *Usage*
A working backend of an e-commerce site

## *License*


## *Contributing*
Built from starter code provided and referencing materials from GT Coding Boot Camp class videos and activities. Additional support from AskBCS Learning assistants.

## *Tests*


## *Questions*
For any questions or for support, please contact me at: thomas.plunkett.music@gmail.com or ThomasPlunkett on GitHub.
